plugin-poisoned-SimG4CMSCaloPlugins.so CaloSteppingAction CMS%Simulation%SimWatcherFactory
plugin-poisoned-SimG4CMSCaloPlugins.so CaloTrkProcessing CMS%Simulation%SensitiveDetectorFactory
plugin-poisoned-SimG4CMSCaloPlugins.so EcalSensitiveDetector CMS%Simulation%SensitiveDetectorFactory
plugin-poisoned-SimG4CMSCaloPlugins.so HFNoseSensitiveDetector CMS%Simulation%SensitiveDetectorFactory
plugin-poisoned-SimG4CMSCaloPlugins.so HGCScintillatorSensitiveDetector CMS%Simulation%SensitiveDetectorFactory
plugin-poisoned-SimG4CMSCaloPlugins.so HGCSensitiveDetector CMS%Simulation%SensitiveDetectorFactory
plugin-poisoned-SimG4CMSCaloPlugins.so HGCalSensitiveDetector CMS%Simulation%SensitiveDetectorFactory
plugin-poisoned-SimG4CMSCaloPlugins.so HcalSensitiveDetector CMS%Simulation%SensitiveDetectorFactory
plugin-poisoned-SimG4CMSCaloPlugins.so HcalTestAnalysis CMS%Simulation%SimWatcherFactory
plugin-poisoned-testCaloSimHits.so CaloSimHitStudy CMS%EDM%Framework%Module
plugin-poisoned-testCaloSimHits.so CaloSimHitStudy CMS%EDM%Framework%ParameterSet%Description
plugin-poisoned-testCaloSimHits.so EcalSimHitStudy CMS%EDM%Framework%Module
plugin-poisoned-testCaloSimHits.so EcalSimHitStudy CMS%EDM%Framework%ParameterSet%Description
plugin-poisoned-testCaloSimHits.so HFPMTHitAnalyzer CMS%EDM%Framework%Module
plugin-poisoned-testCaloSimHits.so HFPMTHitAnalyzer CMS%EDM%Framework%ParameterSet%Description
plugin-poisoned-testCaloSimHits.so HOSimHitStudy CMS%EDM%Framework%Module
plugin-poisoned-testCaloSimHits.so HOSimHitStudy CMS%EDM%Framework%ParameterSet%Description
plugin-poisoned-testCaloSimHits.so HcalSimHitDump CMS%EDM%Framework%Module
plugin-poisoned-testCaloSimHits.so HcalSimHitDump CMS%EDM%Framework%ParameterSet%Description
plugin-poisoned-testCaloSimHits.so HcalTestNumberingTester CMS%EDM%Framework%Module
plugin-poisoned-testCaloSimHits.so HcalTestNumberingTester CMS%EDM%Framework%ParameterSet%Description
plugin-poisoned-testCaloSimHits.so HitParentTest CMS%EDM%Framework%Module
plugin-poisoned-testCaloSimHits.so HitParentTest CMS%EDM%Framework%ParameterSet%Description
